

Commands are processed by the module as they are input from a browser, a PS3 controller, 
a file or are internally generated. A command is a string of characters prefixed by a single identifier character. 
The main commands prefixes are:-
L - a local command to be executed by the module
X - an external command to be passed to the external controller via the serial port
B - sends the same command value as both an internal and external command
F - a file of commands to be processed sequentially

If a command input does not start with one of these characters then it is ignored.

Local commands
These affect the operation of the module immediately and are hard coded into the module. An example of a few are
LFLASHON - switch on the module flash LED
LFLASHOFF - switch off the module flash LED
LMTR0000020000000200 - switch on the left and right motors at power setting 200 (255 is max)

External commands
These are passed to the external processor over the serial connection with the X prefix stripped away. 
They are interpreted by the extrenal processor so have no meaning to the module.
An example of an external command might be 'XMOTOR0220' to set an external motor to power 220. The command
would be passed via teh serial port as 'MOTOR0220'.

File commands

These specify a command file held on the SDcard which is expected to hold a list of commands to be executed sequentially. 
At the time of writing this doesn't support nested files. The commands may be a mixture of internal or external commands.
The commands files are very basic lists of information to be interpreted as actions to be taken in sequential order.
Other than 'REPEAT', which closes a script file and reopens it, there is no other attempt at branch logic. Files can also contain
PAUSE commands which delay processing the next file command for a specified period, for example 'PAUSE00500' would pause 
command execution for 500 milliseconds. 
Currently, script files cannot contain nested file commands, they are ignored, or files in subdirectories.
An example of a file command would be 'FStartup.txt', which would execute the Startup script file again.

List of Local Commands

LFLASHON
Switches on the flash LED

LFLASHOFF
Switches off the flash LED

LTOGGLEFLASH
Reverses the current state of the flash LED

LFLASHPEEK
Switches the flash LED on for the period set by the default flash peek period

Local Servo commands
These are in the basic format LxxxYzzzz where L indicates a local command, xxx is the local servo name, either S12 or S13,
Y is one of three values. 
C indcating that the servo moves to the set default centre position 
I indicating that the following numeric value zzzz should be added to the current position.
A indicating the servo moves to the absolute value specified by the numeric value zzzz.
zzzz must be specified for a valid command or it is ignored.

S12 indicates the servo connected to GPIO12
S13 indicates the servo connected to GPIO13

LS13C0000 moves the servo connected to GPIO13 to the default centre position
LS12I-030 moves the servo S12 to the current position minus 30 degrees
LS13A0150 moves the servo S13 to a position of 150 degrees

Default values for servo operation are hardcoded but can be modified by commands in the format LxxxYYaaaabbbb. These are used
to setup different servos for use with the module and are mainly for use in script files but can originate anywhere.

YY can be the following values
DCaaaa set the default centre position for this servo as aaaa
DMaaaa sets the default maximum angle for the servo as aaaa
DTaaaabbbb sets the default timing signal for zero degrees as aaaa and the default timing signal for maximum rotation as bbbb

Local Motor commands
The local motor commands are very basic and involve feeding a PWM signal to GPIO pins 12 and 13 as a single command
in the format 
LMTRxxxxyyyyXXXXYYYY 

xxxxyyyy represent values passed to GPIO12 and XXXXYYYY represent values passed to GPIO13. For this limited implementation,
only yyyy and YYYY are processed as drive values. They are expected to be between 0 and 255, anything outside this range is
changed to the nearest value in range.

LSTOP
This sets ths drive values for both GPIO12 and 13 to zero.

Camera commands
These are very much under development but essentially provide teh same customisation as offered by the example Espressif application


